I have three pet projects. One of them is simple game for ios, another is bluetooth devices battery tracker, third one is this blog. I also participating now in Learning .net core courses on microsoft academy and recently started free trial german course from babel. On my kindle I have in progress enthralling "Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind" and enormous Steven King's "the Stand". I'm doing workouts and running at least 2 times a week. Also I'm trying to finish Civ V game party, keep track in Prey and, when I have time, watch "Brooklyn 9-9" and listen a dozen podcasts. Besides that, I have full time job, wife and kid, that requires full my attention , when they are nearby.  
Did I cope all this things? No way.  
This hobby diversification lead to chaos and, really, I cant finish anything. I'm only at the beginning of trying to sort things up, but already have some thoughts.
* On dayly job do not be distracted to fancy ideas. It is very easy to fall into procrastination hole and spend several hours googliyng work unrelated staff. Now, If I got something in my mind, I'm trying to open notes app, write it down in simple sentence, then close and back to work. Of course, it is impossible to be 100% productive all 40 hours a week, but there should be limited time, usually after lunch or before leaving home, when I allow myself to investigate in private projects.
* Sleep is extremely important to stay productive. However, this is hardest thing to stay consistent. For example, now it's 23:26, I should wake up at 7:00, also I should sleep 8 hours and I really wand to finish this post today. Besides duration, quallity of sleep is also important and for this I decided to not use phone before sleep. Instead of twitter and instagram ten minutes of reading with kindle and I'm falling asleep much easier.
* I need to reconcider all my hobby things and split it into two heaps, one of them should happen periodically, i.e. reading before sleep, writing blog posts only on weekends, doing workouts every second day or something like this. On one point of time I should work only on one pet project and not longer, than 2 weeks (hello scrum!), and, if I cant achieve any result, skip it to next. Studying also should be separated and I should not take two things simultaneously. I also bought Things 3 app to keep track of my activity, because OmniFocus is too slow.
This is overwhelming, definetelly white man problem, but it's one of my biggest problem currently. Get things done, even if this thing is to finish blog post, that nobody will read or consume another game.
And I should cancel my netflix subscribtion, too.